Asilia Africa Data Privacy Policy
This Data Privacy Policy explains our views and practices regarding the collection, processing, use, disclosure and transfer of your information by us (the Data Privacy Policy). By using, visiting, or browsing our site (use of our site including, amongst others, accessing our site and/or submitting enquiries through our site), you accept and agree to this Data Privacy Policy, the website terms and conditions, our booking policy, and any other document referred to therein.

Asilia Africa Limited (“we”, “our” or “us”) processes personal information (as defined below) in accordance with the Protection of Personal Information Act of 2013 (the POPI Act) and where applicable, the EU General Data Protection Regulation (the GDPR).


Notice at Collection

The CCPA requires businesses to give consumers certain information in a “notice at collection”, listing the categories of personal information businesses collect about consumers, and the purposes for which this information is used. The remainder of this page outlines the types of information that Asilia collects about our website users and clients, and how this information is used.

1. INFORMATION WE MAY COLLECT FROM YOU

We receive and store information, including personal information, about you and your use of our site. This information is gathered in a number of ways, as further set out below. In this Data Privacy Policy, the term “personal information” has the same meaning as the meaning given to it in the POPI Act, as amended from time to time, and means, inter alia, information that can be used to uniquely identify or contact you. Any other information (non-personal information) is information that does not permit direct association with you. We may collect, process, use, disclose and transfer non-personal information for any purpose. You can choose not to provide personal information that we may request of you, but, in general, most of the personal information we request is required in order to provide our services fully, and the lack of such personal information may prevent us from doing so. We may collect and process the following personal information about you:

1.1 information that you provide by filling in forms on or through our site, including any online enquiries. We may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our site or any services you have received from us;

1.2 details of your visits to and use of our site including, but not limited to, traffic data, location data, weblogs, service provider page viewing statistics and other communication data, whether this is required for our own billing purposes or otherwise and the resources that you access. For more information on this, see our cookie policy;

1.3 information related to you and your use of our site, including but not limited to: your online activity, contributions, payment history, correspondence, internet protocol addresses, device and software data (such as type, configuration and unique identifiers). For more information on this, see our cookie policy;

1.4 a record of correspondence if you contact us;

1.5 information obtained from surveys that we may ask you to voluntarily complete from time to time, which we use for research purposes;

1.6 information posted by you pursuant to reviews of our site and the services; and

1.7 any other information that may be necessary: (i) to carry out actions for the conclusion or performance of a contract to which you are a party; (ii) to comply with an obligation imposed on us by law; (iii) to protect your legitimate interest; (iv) to pursue a legitimate interest of ours or of a third party to whom the information is supplied.

2. INTERNET PROTOCOL ADDRESSES

We may collect information about your device, including (where available) your internet protocol address, operating system and browser type, for system administration, and to report aggregate information to our advertisers and/or service providers. This is statistical information about your browsing actions and patterns, and you cannot be identified by this information.

3. WHERE WE STORE YOUR PERSONAL INFORMATION

The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of the jurisdiction where it was collected. In the event such transfer includes a transfer of personal data from the European Union to a country which has not been designated as a country with an adequate level of protection by the European Commission, we will take such measures as may be necessary to transfer the personal data in a lawful manner.

It may also be processed by staff members operating outside of the jurisdiction where it was collected who work for us or for one of our service providers (including but not limited to payment processors, cloud service or other it providers, and other companies that provide services to us). Such staff members may be engaged in, among other things, the provision of the service or the provision of maintenance and support services. By submitting your personal information, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. We will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your information is treated securely and in accordance with this Data Privacy Policy and in accordance with the terms of the POPI Act, as amended from time to time.

4. SECURITY

4.1 We take information security seriously and use reasonable and adequate administrative, technical, physical and managerial measures to protect your personal information from unauthorised access. For example, we utilise an industry-standard protocol for certain of your transmissions to us, in order to encrypt certain personal information that you send to us through the enquiry process.

4.2 Unfortunately, no security system can be guaranteed to be completely secure. Accordingly, although we will do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your information transmitted to or through our site or the services, and any transmission is at your own risk. By using our site or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of our site.

4.3 In order to provide you with ease of access to your account and to help administer our site and the services, we implement technology that enables us to recognize you as the account holder and provide you with direct access to your account without requiring you to retype any password or other username identification when you revisit our site and the services. You can choose not to take advantage of this feature on your computer or other device by unchecking the box “remember me” when you login on or through the application. To remove access to your account from your computer or other devices: (a) email our administrator at webmaster@asiliaafrica.com for deactivation (note, deactivation may not occur immediately) or (b) delete your settings from your computer or other device (steps vary by device and the option is not available on all devices). You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account access information and for restricting access to your computer or device through which you access your account. Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or other device, you should log-out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your account, including your personal information.

4.4 We will not be liable for any access to your personal information that is obtained by any third party through your failing to adequately restrict access to your device or your account.

5. USES MADE OF THE INFORMATION

5.1 We use information and personal information held about you and other users for the following purposes:

5.1.1 to ensure that content on our site and the services is presented in the most effective manner for you, and for your computer or other device;

5.1.2 to communicate with you, including in respect of any enquiry or booking request you may submit to us;

5.1.3 to provide you, or allow our service providers to provide you, with information, products or services that you request from us or which we feel may interest you (such as newsletters, messages about new features, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys and other marketing concerning our site and the services we provide), where you have expressly consented to be contacted for such purposes;

5.1.4 to determine your general geographic location, to enforce the terms of this Data Privacy Policy and the website terms and conditions, and to personalise our site and the services we provide and our marketing to better reflect particular interests, helping us to quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests and otherwise analyse, enhance, administer or promote the service offering for you and other users;

5.1.5 to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, if any, including the website terms and conditions;

5.1.6 to allow you to participate in interactive features of our site and the services we provide, when you choose to do so; and

5.1.7 to notify you about changes to our site and the services we provide, or to the website terms and conditions.

5.2 The processing of personal data for the purposes specified above will be conducted on a legal basis. These legal bases are, amongst others: consent, necessity for the performance of a contract or a legitimate interest. Legitimate interests may include: marketing, advertising, research and an analysis of our products and services.

5.3 We use a number of external parties to assist us in processing personal data for the above purposes, and they may hold this personal data on their own servers for these purposes. We may share the information we obtain with:

Service Providers. In connection with the operation and provision of our service we engage various third parties to provide services or handle transactions on our behalf, such as payment card processing, email distribution, list processing, postal mailing, cloud computing, analytics, digital content performance measurement, ad serving and managing sweepstakes, contests, promotions or events. These service providers use the information we provide to them as necessary or appropriate for the performance of their services.
Advertisers, Advertising- and Marketing-Related Service Providers and Partners. We may provide your information to advertisers, advertising agencies, ad networks, ad exchanges, marketing businesses, technology vendors and other entities that create, deliver and assess advertising or marketing campaigns, including interest-based ads.
Content Measurement Companies. We and third parties seek to measure the performance of our content. To achieve this we may include third-party measurement software in our services to enable market research or to measure digital and video content consumption.
Social Media Platforms. If you interact with social media widgets, share content using social media share buttons, or access features of the Digital Services that contain content or features provided by Social Media Platforms, the relevant Social Media Platforms may collect information. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of the Social Media Platforms that you engage with as we are not responsible for their privacy practices.
Business Partners. We may provide your information to business partners including, without limitation, joint marketing partners and content sponsors, for various purposes. For example, we may partner with a third party to offer products or services on a co-branded, co-sponsored or cross-promotional basis that involves the sharing of information.
If you would like access to a full list of our service providers please  contact us on webmaster@asiliaafrica.com. We are not responsible for, nor do we endorse the privacy practices of these external third parties.

6. DISCLOSURE OF YOUR INFORMATION

We may disclose your personal information to a third party if We reasonably believe that access, use, preservation or disclosure of such information is reasonably necessary to: (a) satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal activities, security or technical issues; or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of us, our users or the public as required or permitted by law. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction. In connection with any reorganisation, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transferring of assets We reserve the right to transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Data Privacy Policy.

7. YOUR RIGHTS

You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. We will usually inform you (before collecting your information) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the form on which we collect your information or by responding to the emails we send you in this regard. You can also exercise this right at a later time by contacting us at webmaster@www.asiliaafrica.com.

In the event the GDPR applies to Your personal information, you have the following (additional) rights:

(i) Right of access, this means you can make a request to obtain access to the personal data concerning you;

(ii) The right to rectification or correction of your personal data;

(iii) The right to erasure of the personal data concerning you;

(iv) The right to restriction of the processing;

(v) The right to data portability, this means that you have the right to receive your personal data in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, and that you have the right to transmit those data to another controller;

(vi) The right to object to profiling;

(vii) The right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;

(viii) The right to withdraw your consent.

You have a right to know what personal data is being stored, and processed, as well as the categories of recipients with whom it may be shared. You may contact us to learn about the contents and origin of this personal data, to verify its accuracy or to ask for this data to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into an anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. To make a request please download and complete this form, and return it to data-request@asiliaafrica.com. For further information regarding this legislation, please see the PAIA Manual.

8. ACCESS TO INFORMATION

8.1 The POPI Act gives you the right to access personal information held about you. Your right of access can be exercised in the manner set out in section 25 of the POPI Act read with sections 18 and 53 of the Promotion of Access to Information Act 2 of 2000, by submitting an access request to our information officer at webmaster@www.asiliaafrica.com. Any access request may be subject to a fee for meeting our costs in providing you with details of the personal information we hold about you. If you have a question regarding our privacy practices, or want to exercise your rights regarding your personal information, please contact us at webmaster@www.asiliaafrica.com.

9. CHANGES TO OUR DATA PRIVACY POLICY

We may, from time to time, make changes to this Data Privacy Policy. Any changes we may make to our Data Privacy Policy in the future will be posted on this page and shall be effective immediately.We may also, at our discretion, notify you of such changes, but we are under no obligation to do so and it is your responsibility to check this page on a regular basis to ensure that you are made aware of the terms of this Data Privacy Policy as updated from time to time.

In case of substantive adjustments to this Data Privacy Policy, a clear notification will follow, for example via a temporary banner or notice on our website or a notification via email.

10. CONTACT

10.1 Your personal information is controlled by us (address below), and we provide you with access to our site and the services and are the responsible party (where applicable).

10.2 If you have questions concerning your account, please contact webmaster@asiliaafrica.com. If you have questions concerning this Data Privacy Policy, including the treatment of your personal information and/or our use of cookies and other technologies, please contact us via email at webmaster@asiliaafrica.com.

This Data Privacy Policy was last amended on 27 October 2023 14:40:00

10.3 Use of our site constitutes acceptance of the website terms and conditions.