Asilia Africa Cookie Policy
At Asilia Africa, we want to ensure that your visit to our site is smooth, reliable and as useful to you as possible. To help us do this, we use cookies and similar technologies[1]Please see our Terms & Conditions page for more information By continuing to use our site, you consent to our use of Cookies. However, you can change your Cookie settings, and choose whether or not to accept Cookies, at any time through our Cookie consent tool. Further information about managing your Cookie settings is provided below.

By using, visiting, or browsing our site (use of our site including, amongst others, accessing our site and/or using the services provided by us), you accept and agree to this Cookie Policy and the website terms and conditions.

1. WHAT ARE COOKIES?

1.1 A cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is stored by your internet browser and transferred to the hard drive of your computer or mobile device. Cookies contain basic information about your internet use, but most Cookies do not identify you personally. Your browser sends these Cookies back to the web sites that you visit every time you visit them, so they can recognise your computer or mobile device. This is done in order to personalise and improve your browsing experience.

1.2 One important use of Cookies is to remember your login details, so you do not have to re-enter them repeatedly. Other Cookies help web sites to understand what did and did not interest you in relation to the site, so that they can provide you with features that are more relevant and useful to you next time you visit.

1.3 We may work with third party advertisers to give you access to interesting and exciting content through our site. So, as well as setting some Cookies ourselves (First Party Cookies), we may also allow some advertisers who display advertisements on our site to set Cookies (Third Party Cookies). These Cookies record information about your use of advertisements. This helps advertisers to show you advertisements that are more likely to interest you, limit the number of times you may see an advertisement, and also to help to improve your online experience.

1.4 Please note that our use of any information we collect about you through your use of Cookies is subject to our Privacy Policy and Data Privacy Policy.

2. TYPES OF COOKIES

Necessary Cookies

2.1 These Cookies are necessary to help you access and move around our site and use the services, and all other features. Without these Cookies, functionality of our site would be limited and you would not be able to use some of the services. For example, a Cookie is used to keep you logged in during your visit to our site. We may also use essential Cookies for fraud detection and prevention purposes.

2.2 You are not able turn off necessary Cookies. The reason for this is that such Cookies are necessary for our site to function fully, and for you to access and use the content and services.

Analytical Cookies

2.3 We may use Cookies to help us understand how you and other users are using our site and how we can improve our users’ experiences. These types of Cookies can provide us with anonymous information to help us understand which parts of our site interest our users, and if any errors are being experienced. We use these Cookies to test different designs and features for our site and we also use them to help us monitor how our users reach our site.

Customisation Cookies

2.4 These are used to recognise you when you return to our site. this enables us to personalise content for you, greet you by name, and remember your preferences (for example, your choice of language or region).

2.5 Some customisation Cookies may be essential if you want to use certain Services.

Advertising Cookies

2.6 To the extent that we may allow for advertising on our site, advertising Cookies help to ensure that the advertisements you see on our site are as relevant to you as possible. For example, some advertising Cookies help select advertisements that are relevant to your interests. Others help prevent the same advertisement from continuously reappearing for you.

2.7 We also want to make it as easy as possible for you to share content from our site with your friends through your favourite social networks. Social networking sites may set Cookies that recognise you when you view content on our site and allow you to share content across both sites via the use of sharing settings. For further details, please see your social networking site’s terms of use and related policies.

3. CONTACT US

3.1 If you have any questions on this Cookie Policy, please contact us on webmaster@asiliaafrica.com.

[1]Including but not limited to browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, WebSQL and Silverlight storage)