Website terms and conditions
 

Please note that the terms and conditions and various policies on this page pertain to all of Asilia Africa’s websites: www.asiliaafrica.com, agentzone.www.asiliaafrica.com, and asiliagiving.org.

Website terms and conditions | Privacy policy | Notice at collection | Cookie policy | Standard booking conditions

 

1. TERMS

By accessing and using the website at https://www.asiliaafrica.com/, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site.

The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.

https://www.asiliaafrica.com/is a website operated by Asilia Africa Limited (“we”, “our” or “us”). We are registered in Mauritius under the name Asilia Africa Limited with the registration number 094583 C1 GBL and have our registered office at Mauritius International Trust Company Limited, 4thfloor, Ebene Skies, Rue de l’Institut, Ebene, Mauritius.

The following policies also apply to your use of this site:

a) our Privacy Policy which set out the terms on which we process any data we collect from you, or that you provide to us. By using our site, you consent to such processing and you warrant that all data provided by you is accurate;

b) our Cookie Policy, which sets out the terms on which we will use cookies collected from your use of our site. You consent to such cookie processing and use by us.

2. USE LICENSE

a) You are hereby granted a worldwide, irrevocable, perpetual, non-exclusive, royalty-free licence to temporarily download one copy of the materials (information or software) on Asilia Africa’s website for personal, non-commercial transitory viewing only. This is the grant of a license, not a transfer of title, and under this license you may not:

i) modify or copy the materials;

ii) use the materials for any commercial purpose, or for any public display

iii) attempt to decompile or reverse engineer any software contained on Asilia Africa’s website;

iv) remove any copyright or other proprietary notations from the materials;

v) transfer the materials to another person or “mirror” the materials on any (commercial or non-commercial) or other server;

b) This license shall automatically terminate if you violate any of these restrictions and may be terminated by Asilia Africa at any time. Upon terminating your viewing of these materials or upon the termination of this license, you must destroy any downloaded materials in your possession whether in electronic or printed format.

3. DISCLAIMER

a) The materials on Asilia Africa’s website are provided on an ‘as is’ basis. Asilia Africa makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non- infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

b) Further, Asilia Africa does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

4. LIMITATIONS

a) In no event shall Asilia Africa or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on Asilia Africa’s website, even if Asilia Africa or a Asilia Africa authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage.

b) Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

c) Nothing in these terms of website use excludes or limits our liability for death or personal injury arising from our negligence, or our fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation, or any other liability that cannot be excluded or limited by any applicable law.

5. ACCURACY OF MATERIALS

a) The materials appearing on Asilia Africa’s website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. Asilia Africa does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. Asilia Africa may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However Asilia Africa does not make any commitment to update the materials.

6. LINKS

a) Asilia Africa has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by Asilia Africa of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user’s own risk.

7. MODIFICATIONS

a) Asilia Africa may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

8. GOVERNING LAW

a) To the extent permitted by applicable law, these terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Arusha, Tanzania and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.